README.md, before:

# Personal Web Page
http://kevinli.us **·** https://csLiKevin.github.io

##### Information
This is a project for to generating an online resume. Resume information is defined using the [JSON Resume Schema](https://jsonresume.org/schema/).

##### Files
- `base.json` - Contains any resume data you want to share on a public web page.
- `contact_info.json` - Contains personal contact information.
- `awards.json` - Contains information about rewards you have received.

##### Commands
- `npm run new_json` - Generates a new JSON Resume template file in the [input](input) folder.
- `npm run build_web` - Generates an index.html file using only the [base.json](input/base.json) file.
- `npm run build` - Generates an index.html file using the [base.json](input/base.json), contact_info.json, and awards.json files.

##### Instructions
1. Clone this repository.
2. Navigate to the root directory of this repository.
3. Install [NodeJS v4.2.4](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). On Ubuntu based systems you need to install node via the terminal with `sudo apt-get install nodejs-legacy`.
4. Run `npm install`.
5. Create a new JSON Resume template file in the [input](input) folder with `npm run new_json`.
6. Fill out the template file.
7. Generate an index.html file with `npm run build_web`. Before running this command you should ensure that you have filled out or deleted all the date fields. Failure to do so can result in the theme rendering incorrectly.

Commit message:

Consolidate the npm commands and input files.

README.md, after:

# Personal Web Page
http://kevinli.us **·** https://csLiKevin.github.io

##### Information
This is a project for generating an online resume. Resume information is defined using the [JSON Resume Schema](https://jsonresume.org/schema/).

##### Files
- `resume.json` - Contains resume data you want to share on a public web page.

##### Commands
- `npm run build` - Generate an index.html file using the data in [resume.json](input/resume.json).
- `npm run start` - Create a new JSON Resume template file in the [input](input) folder.
- `npm run validate` - Check [resume.json](input/resume.json) for schema errors.

##### Instructions
1. Clone this repository.
2. Navigate to the root directory of this repository.
3. Install [NodeJS v6.9.4](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). On Ubuntu based systems you need to install node via the terminal with `sudo apt-get install nodejs-legacy`.
4. Run `npm install`.
5. Create a new JSON Resume template file in the [input](input) folder with `npm run start`.
6. Fill out the template file.
7. Generate an index.html file with `npm run build`. Before running this command you should ensure that you have filled out or deleted all the date fields. The theme may not render correctly with invalid dates.
